good morning everyone fears coming in
this new video
this will be another special video of
nancy tastes yes I got another one
snack box then boxing in question
I get from the site www.ge panis tricks
dot com but I leave the site either
kuijken infobox this box withdrawn
really fast in just five
days maybe I have a week five
days
this fox gets $ 22 a month for
utah peek there are things
really pretty that couldn't of
find 12 snacks that are anyway
enough for a boxing of 22 dollars and
that only came to me in one
week five days then in others
we find the hottest thing that's life
took little is known listed among one of
chips taste just tomato carrot
onion is good
then they are very good because they are
very brittle but personally not
I can taste vegetable flavors
I do not know whether to be happy or not
because I don't like vegetables
but they are very good abroad potato
carpi five yes they are very good pits
eating nets you will hear more buses
maybe I'll let you know
but so really I am very heart then
another snack that we find inside is the
malbo therefore also to vegetables
the vegetables then inside we find these
that I am closed of the sweets of
this brand very famous mickey in
japan yes yes they are sweets
taste is not written but then the
we will try screws then taste inside
we find the question activates me a lot
because it says that they are fate
of wafers with a soft texture to another
then it's enough in question is a lot
normal is very good they are simply
baked from chocolate binds
the other is endless they are called bull
bon bon bon are very very tasty
then to the 55 very good barley buoys
inside we also find this porting
chocolate becomes one is like it
calls a candy cane of
plastic in which I launch there are these
balls that should
maybe I'll put these chocolate
on some dessert but will not try it today
inside there is also this then another
wafer with the cream inside though this
time I think there is precisely chocolate
White
no times we also find a snack
oil and I really don't see this
time to try it vices writing granoche
chocolate bar has been practically
you know this has n't even been released in
japan are the name February therefore
let's try it against it again
maybe then the snack broke
favor of coconut looks like biscuit
of gold has crumbled with a grain
Right sarra and it remains sluggish
I feel the coconut I do n't want to say one
bullshit though I feel the coconut is
very good we look for what it means
granola then no less free
the entire debtor, however, is now called o
I don't know granola, but it's very good
then 5 5 then we are not finished
here we find inside every lollipop that
I believe it is the breed because it is precisely
eyebrows the morning of the spear
perhaps inspired by a drink that was a lot
popular in the fifties in
japan then we find something inside
much is not seen and then it is everything
popular in japan this is written
which probably the most popular now
this snack and that should be
just chocolate so let's talk about it
ok let's taste it
very good and very good this snack I
remember the bull biscuits I do not know if I
know
but I think it's chocolate outside
milk inside chocolate type biscuits
dark chocolate and then there are
just the cookies
this was really the same
I tell you what it's called black
thunder is really good yummy me
We loved it so at this 5
more because it is really very good then
we will decide to pick up what I believe they are
of the fate of life plus chips
bicorna are of magic then the first
if these are good, I will try them in a
next video and stars and then inside
we find for my happiness or one
then chocolate bar weapons
it should be milk chocolate
because described I play it good or not
they activate chocolate that was n't there
the friend and the fight and the same brand
of koalas no but who the same of
you know are those koala cookies
like an easy everyone and pretty and all
different with chocolate inside
of the same brand of
this in a hurry then we find the
so what a nice price of the big
they are of the same brand from the few
I believe at least the few pandas
the last snack and I'm very curious
because today I tried
le chaco balls askar have it here
should be orange wells
banana with mango to our la
I fly fishing to find them I did it
marina only orange type castle
then the bad thing is that
since they are all the same, you don't understand
what a premier server taste but I have
definitely got the banana because it is
strong and then the first is the
to fishing because of fishing snacks
I don't like Japanese
But I prefer those caramel
almost chocolate obviously then a
coco bonds is obviously a taste
staff
3 yes maybe in the programs at least another
chance however I do not love the fruits are dc
type pineapple mango or peach orange
with white chocolate because
white chocolate cover
I don't know the contrast too weird though
I would like to give him a second chance
it's nothing girls video girl
Taste review of these boxes says
here I leave you the link of a little box from
also close to if you want this though
box.net and it runs a lot because there are
ca and many details and not where
I would like to try again in a future video is
It was a kiss and the next video bye